Fixed #23681, Fixed #27445 -- Doc'd setting choices for NullBooleanField widgets. (#13437)
django/django: docs/ref/forms/widgets.txt

    Select widget with options 'Unknown', 'Yes' and 'No'

    .. tip::
        Supply ``choices`` to :class:`~django.db.models.BooleanField` in order

>         to use :class:`Select` or :class:`RadioSelect` widgets on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        to rend a :class:`Select` or :class:`RadioSelect` widget on the
```
